High this course is about ironic to which users angle are you.
And therefore I regularly say angler too to now angle of four was released what does this mean for US
courts.
It's important to me.
Discours still is 100 percent up to date and still teaches absolutely valid code.
ENGLER four is simply called angle or for because Angle or two was renamed to Angel or which must have
angular as a framework now an annual or four simply is the latest to worsen.
But and that's important to me.
It only changes some behind the scenes things therefore And that really is how it is.
Everything you learn this course is still valid is still up to date and will still work and whenever
that changes I will let you know.
But for angler for Thats not the case.
So you may just go ahead and whenever I say angler to just replace it with Angola 4 in your head.
So enjoy the course.